Hello and welcome to this art tutorial.
So in the previous tutorials we prepared our dataset.
Then we fitted the simple linear regression model to our training set and now we are going to predict
the test results because we trained our model on the training set.
And we want to see how it can predict new observations.
So to do this we're going to create our vector of prediction y present.
I'm calling it.
Why.
Because this is a vector of prediction that is the vector that will contain the predicted values of
the test set observations and we are going to use to predict function.
I'm going to write that here.
So that's a pretty function parenthesis.
And in this function it's really really simple.
We will just need to input two arguments the first one is our regressors.
So that's the simple in our regress or.
And then come up and then the second argument is new data.
So that's that's the name of the argument.
But then this new data is the data that contains the new observations that we want to predict the result
.
And so obviously that's the test.
And actually that is ready we are ready to build our vector of predictions.
I will just remind what this is going to do.
Here we have a test set.
This is the column of the number of years of experience.
So what will happen is that our simple regression will predict for each of these tested observations
the salary.
So we won't be the same salary here because these are the real salaries the salaries that actually exist
in real life.
But since we saw that there is a strong Leonhart dependency between the years of experience and the
salary the predictions returned by our simple and or regression model should be close to the salary
.
Anyway we're going to see that in the final step of this simple in their aggression model because we
will visualize on a graph all the results but so far it's just to explain you what we're expecting.
So let's go back to where I'm all and let's select this command or control plus enter to execute.
And here we go the vector of prediction is now created.
So let's have a look at it.
We're going to type wide spread here in the console and here it is.
These are all the salary predictions for our 10 observations in our test set.
Okay.
So for example let's let's have a look at the first observation the real value the real salary of the
first employee of the test that was forty six thousand $205.
And let's see what our model predicted it predicted the thirty seven thousand dollars.
Okay.
So that's not too close then if we look at the second observation which is the fourth employee let's
call it the fourth employee his real salary is forty three thousand five hundred twenty five dollars
and ormal predicted 44000 $322 which is this time much closer.
Okay so that's it with this tutorial.
And now the next tutorial is my favorite part the part where we visually see what everything that we've
been making that is we will be visualizing on a graph the training set results and the test that results
.
So we will make to graph a first graph showing the predictions of the trend set observations and the
second graph showing the predictions of the test set observations and we will see how the simple in
their regression line approach the real observations.
So I look forward to seeing you in the next tutorial.
And until then in your machine learning